README.md, before:

WP-CLI
========

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli)

wp-cli is a set of command-line tools for managing WordPress installations.

Where can I get more info?
--------------------------
For documentation, usage, and examples, check out [wp-cli.org](http://wp-cli.org/).

I'm running into troubles, what can I do?
-----------------------------------------

To suggest a feature, report a bug, or general discussion, visit the [issues section](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/issues).

Who's behind this thing?
------------------------

We are [Andreas Creten](https://github.com/andreascreten) and [Cristi Burcă](https://github.com/scribu), friendly guys from Europe.

A complete list of contributors can be found [here](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/contributors).

Need even more info?
--------------------
Read our [wiki](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/wiki) and find out how to create your own commands with our [commands cookbook](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/wiki/Commands-Cookbook).

If you want to receive an email for every single commit, you can subscribe to the [wp-cli-commits](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!forum/wp-cli-commits) mailing list.

Commit message:

add link to Governance page

README.md, after:

WP-CLI
========

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/wp-cli/wp-cli)

wp-cli is a set of command-line tools for managing WordPress installations.

Where can I get more info?
--------------------------
For documentation, usage, and examples, check out [wp-cli.org](http://wp-cli.org/).

I'm running into troubles, what can I do?
-----------------------------------------
To suggest a feature, report a bug, or general discussion, visit the [issues section](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/issues).

Who's behind this thing?
------------------------
We are [Andreas Creten](https://github.com/andreascreten) and [Cristi Burcă](https://github.com/scribu), friendly guys from Europe. For more info, see [Governance](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/wiki/Governance).

A complete list of contributors can be found [here](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/contributors).

Need even more info?
--------------------
Read our [wiki](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/wiki) and find out how to create your own commands with our [commands cookbook](https://github.com/wp-cli/wp-cli/wiki/Commands-Cookbook).

If you want to receive an email for every single commit, you can subscribe to the [wp-cli-commits](https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!forum/wp-cli-commits) mailing list.
